[Show demo of Camera/Shy]

[Run through features using spec sheet]

GENERAL IDEA OF CAMERA/SHY IS TO HIDE MESSAGES IN CROWDS

Pretty much everyone is familiar with the "crowds" concept. You hide your real
message in a crowd of fake messages. Which message is the real message?

That is the general concept of Camera/Shy. This is what sets it apart. The "user
friendly" aspect is a trap. It is a trap to get people to use it. The more people
whom use it the more dangerous it is. The more people whom plant fake stegged
content on the web, the more dangerous it is.

This is the real plan behind Camera/Shy. It has nothing to do with steganography...
and a lot to do with psychology, censorship detection systems, and man hours. It
has to do with money and sweat and labor and politics.

THE CENSORING COUNTRY HAS THREE OPTIONS TO STOP IT

1. They can infilitrate groups where passwords, signatures, and locations are being 
traded.

2. They can upgrade their systems at the ISP level to watch for gifs coming through
the wire, and perform steganalysis on them.

3. They can set up a web spidering system to scan websites for stegged content,
download the gifs and then perform steganalysis on them.

 DANGER ONE: INFILITRATION

There is no simple cure for infilitration. It is a reality in these countries where censorship
is the worst. 

The most important general rule to have is to not trust anyone ever. Especially be
suspect of those whom may be in serious financial straits. Be distrustful of those whom
may have been arrested recently or whom are known to have problems with the law, apart
from ordinary dissident activity.

Expect and plan for infilitration. Be prepared at all times so you are always mindful
of the cost of loose lips.

Share information which is a lie. See if that information is then attempted to be
used against you. 

Routinely give false information which might alert the authorities. Get them running
in circles.

DANGER TWO: ISP LEVEL STEGANALYSIS

This is entirely unpractical, but it is how content is currently filtered, on the ISP
level. Cybercafes are further supposed to keep exact logs of visitors.

If they have to upgrade their systems to perform steganalysis on every gif coming
through their wire, I will be a happy man. At which time, we will upgrade camera shy
to use another method of steganography. Just for the fun of it.

Because it is not neccesary to upgrade Camera/Shy as I will highlight in the next
points.

DANGER THREE: STEGANALYSIS WEB SPIDERING

This process is extremely resource consuming. It involves downloading millions
apon millions of gifs and then performing steganalysis on them. Furthermore, it
involves connecting found gifs with those websites.

They then have two options:

THE TWO DREADFUL OPTIONS OF THE CENSORING COUNTRY 

Option number one is to ban the site with the hosted content.

Option number two is to track everyone whom visits the site with the hosted
content.

This is where the beauty of the plan kicks in. This is what it is all about.

Because unlike, say, these statements: "The Communists suck" or "the Protocols of Zion is
a racist lie"... which would be found to be offensive by two seperate censoring
bodies, the UAE and China, respectively... a stegged content surely has dissident material
in it. Letting it through your system is opening the door to liberty for those people
whose sweat you depend apon for you good life.

This means that people can plant stegged gifs with real dissident content and fake
content -- all over the place. In forums on Communist Party members sites. On major
hosting websites. On important business sites. On important news sites. On important
gathering sites.

If they decide to ban all content where such stegged images are found, then they
will discover "we the people" have control over what sites they ban. Effectively shutting
down their crucial internet.

If they decide to track down all of the people whom download such gif images, then
they will discover they will have to track down a lot of Communist party members whom
will unknowingly download these images. Who was looking at the images? Who was just
visiting the webpage?

PRECIOUS RESOURCES WASTED

In banning their own content and tracking down themselves they are expended very
precious resources which they could have spent cracking down on dissidents and
other "rebels". 

One might see several catastrophic results from such an endeavour. Maybe they
would be willing to destroy themselves merely to build up their police forces, taking
more and more from the people. Or, maybe the people would become more and more
armed with explosive information they may find on a free internet and insist on
change within their government. Or, maybe they will fight and fight and use their
current budgets to try and go with these new plans... while falling further and further
behind the rest of the world.

SUMMARY: CATCH 22 IS THE MOTTO OF CAMERA/SHY

Contrary to popular opinion, the application itself does not matter. In fact, the medium,
is indeed, the message. And, I believe the medium states as much as I stated above,
intrinsically.

It doesn't matter if it is Camera/Shy, or some other application... or many other
applications... it will always be down to these two options. To ban or to track down. The
point is:

IF THEY MUST BAN, MAKE THEM BAN THEMSELVES

IF THEY MUST TRACK DOWN, MAKE THEM TRACK DOWN THEMSELVES

The golden rule as Confucious said, "Do not do to other what you do not want done
to yourself."





